# kdot
> A tool for managing apps on Kubernetes

## Introduction

Kubernetes is a really solid platform for running web applications. A lot of
developers feel that it is overly-complex, but really, it's just that it doesn't
provide the higher-level abstraction that developers want. This is where `kdot`
comes in. Kdot allows you to configure "apps" which is a higher-level
abstraction on top of the lower-level Kubernetes objects of Deployments, Pods,
Services, etc. Kdot makes smart assumptions based on a smaller amount of
configuration while still allowing you to configure the lower-level objects if
necessary.

Kdot isn't just resource configuration though, it tries to provide tools to help
with all the other common aspects of running a web platform. There is a plugin
to run CI/CD in your cluster with GitHub Actions, one to enable end-to-end
testing with WebDriver, one to expose your services to the web behind HTTPS, and
others aimed at making the development process as frictionless as possible.

## Configuration

Configuration is done with JavaScript using `,js` and `,json` files using the
format `k.[configName].js`. Using JavaScript allows really simple and flexible
configuration since different pieces can be imported, reused, and mixed
together. JSON files provide an easy way to override a configuration using the
`kdot set` command which is essential for automated workflows like continuous
integration.

### Apps


## Plugins

The goal is to make the typical software development process easier end-to-end,
but everyone's process is different so you can install optional "plugins" that
will work with `kdot` to make different parts of the process easier. The
official plugins are listed here:

### kdot-webdriver
> Resource configuration for Selenium Grid, Chrome, and Firefox

### kdot-actions-runner
>

### kdot-auth-proxy
>

### kdot-redis
> Resource configuration for non-production Redis instances

This plugin makes it easy to add a non-production Redis instance to your
cluster. For example, if you need a Redis instance for a personal or CI
namespace, but don't care about availability and persistence, then you can
use this plugin to easily setup a Redis instance without having to configure it
yourself.
